here in this technique we're going to
show you how to prepare a leg of lamb
for roasting by studying it with herbs
and flavors so what you do is you get
yourself a small knife and you make
incisions at an angle into the lab and
then just in the incision you place a
sprig of herb here we're using garlic
and rosemary classic flavors with lamb
I'm making the incision at an angle the
reason why if you make it at an angle
then you cover more surface area of the
meat so you're going to penetrate more
of the meat with more of that delicious
flavor sprig lots of herbs would work
well for this you could use basil
oregano sun-dried tomatoes olives all be
absolutely delicious so keep on doing
that all over your leg of lamb and when
that I studied all over what you do is
very simply just brush the lamb with
some oil season it quite generously with
salt and then that goes in the oven the
nice thing about studying it is you get
the flavor really into the meat rather
than just rubbing it with herbs you
actually get the flavor of the herbs and
your flavorings of garlic in this case
right into the meat so here we've got
one that's been roasting it's perfect
and golden and not only do the herbs
give you that wonderful flavor
they also look really attractive so
that's how to start a leg of lamb for
roasting